Thank you, Andrei, for the fun
lesson on extended Kalman filters.
>> My pleasure.
>> Can you give us a quick summary one
more time of all of this information?
>> At the high level, you've
designed the fusion system that can
incorporate measurements provided
by laser and radar sensors.
Thus we can estimate
pedestrians' position and speed.
Along the way, you learned how to
implement a Kalman filter in 2D.
And you also started working
with nonlinear measurement models.
>> Yes, that was a great start.
I'll help you dive deeper into
handling nonlinear motion,
such as a turning car or bicycle.
You'll build something called
an unscented Kalman filter,
which is a very powerful and
flexible technique for sensor fusion.